sometimes innovation isn't about
advancing as much as it is about
understanding understanding where
society is and creating new products
that improve upon what already exists
our high fructose corn syrup is a purple
drank that goes beyond the borders of
the dirty south and into the cabinets of
your dirty homes and your dirty everyday
lives it's an over-the-counter under the
table purple Splosion of the smoothest
high you can get without a prescription
and it will get you straight faded
innovation is freedom freedom from
serious medical conditions like being
too alert boring a steady heart rate
everyone easily understanding the words
coming out of your mouth innovation is
also about how versatile a product
becomes that's why high fructose corn
syrup can be used in coffee on kids
pancakes lazy Sundays that lasts well
into Thursday killing freestyles laundry
sweetener killing ants straight-up
pimping or in extreme cases cough syrup
sometimes the best innovation becomes a
part of society before society even
knows what hit it
that's the Monsanto wait so if you want
to get crunk with two K's and get twice
the kidney damage that you would from
regular sugar innovate your life with a
bottle of high-fructose corn scissor
I can't feel my face your mother getting
a swerve on monkeys is really good on
monkeys
you